Climate change is one of the biggest challenges that the world
is facing. It is also one of the most important issues for our stakeholders
and the key driver for the setting of the directions for
the development of the companies to achieve limiting global
warming to 1.5 °C in line with the Paris Agreement and set the
pathway to climate neutrality.
We are aware of the importance of those issues, therefore we
have started our road to prepare comprehensive transition
plan for climate change mitigation. The first step is to assess our
current impact on climate change. In this report we present
our first GHG emissions calculation in scope 1, 2 and 3. The results
of this analysis are presented in Disclosure Requirement
E1-6 – Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions.
ESRS E-1
ESRS E-1 Environment Sustainability report 2022 53
The next steps that we will take entails the development
of measurable GHG emissions reduction targets within
scope 1 and 2 with detailed action plan and outlining detailed
action plan to reduce GHG emissions in our value chain
(Scope 3 emissions).
Those targets will be transferred into calculation of carbon footprint
of our products for the purpose of creation of criteria of
Tylko sustainable product and result with creation of the transition
plan for climate change mitigation.
Transition plan for climate change mitigation will take into account
the horizon goal of 2050 for the climate neutrality aligned
with Paris Agreement, however, in order to set the pathway for
achieving this goal in longer perspective we will set intermediate
short- and mid-term goals as well as action plan with specific,
measurable actions to achieve those goals.
ESRS E-1 Environment Sustainability report 2022 54
ESRS 2 SBM-3
Our strategy and business model has not been yet a subject
of climate resilience and climate scenario analysis, but our goal
is to actively manage risks related to climate change. To do
so, we need to identify and assess climate risks impacting our
business in the whole value chain. The next step will be to
incorporate climate risks into our management system and develop
climate adaptation plan. In order to prepare our business for
climate change and be able to adapt to it, we will conduct
a climate scenario analysis and examine the resilience of our
business model in the context of different climate change
scenarios. We will use the findings of this analysis to make adjustments
to our business strategy.
ESRS 2 IRO-1
The process of identification and assessment of material climate-
related impacts, risks and opportunities was conducted
during materiality assessment. This process is reported in
detail in:
• Disclosure Requirement IRO-1 – Description of the processes
to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities
• Disclosure Requirement IRO-2 – Disclosure Requirements
in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statements
During materiality assessment we have considered the topics
of climate change and greenhouse gases [GHG] emissions.
Climate change
Greenhouse gases emissions
IMPACT
MATERIALITY
FINANCIAL
MATERIALITY
DOUBLE
MATERIALITY
PRIORITY
MANAGEMENT
Significant Important negative Yes Top priority
Climate change issues are of significant interest for the peer group companies and investors, who expect measurable strategic actions
in the area of sustainable development. Climate change is also important for our employees. They would like to work in the company
that has positive impact on the environment and the surroundings. Employees expect clear communication and specific actions, that
will reduce our negative impact resulting from sourcing wood for furniture production.
For the majority of subcontractors and suppliers, the impact of their business activities on climate change is unrecognized.
IMPACT
MATERIALITY
FINANCIAL
MATERIALITY
DOUBLE
MATERIALITY
PRIORITY
MANAGEMENT
Significant Important negative Yes Within climate
change
The topic of GHG emissions is important for the peer group companies, investors (as a part of the company’s strategic activities
and employees who expect clear and ethical activities from their employer.
Subcontractors and suppliers have little knowledge about the impact of their activities on GHG emissions. It is a common belief
among them that meeting current legal requirements, e.g., regarding vehicle emissions, is sufficient.